Adapt api.Window.onbeforeinstallprompt to new events structure (#13655)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/beforeinstallprompt_event/index.md

---
title: 'Window: beforeinstallprompt event'
slug: Web/API/Window/beforeinstallprompt_event
tags:
  - API

>   - Event Handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Event
```

  - Manifest

>   - Property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - Reference
  - Window
  - beforeinstallprompt
browser-compat: api.Window.beforeinstallprompt_event
---
{{APIRef}}

> The **`beforeinstallprompt`** event fires on devices when a user is about to be prompted to "install" a web application. [Its associated event](../BeforeInstallPromptEvent) may be saved for later and used to prompt the user at a more suitable time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`beforeinstallprompt`** event fires on devices when a user is about to be prompted to "install" a web application. It may be saved for later and used to prompt the user at a more suitable time.
```
